docs: initial accessibility section in each component page (#175)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/tree-select.md

| ------------------ | ---------------------------- |
| --list-max-width   | Max width of popup panel     |
| --list-max-height  | Max height of selection tree |

## Accessibility
::a11y-intro::

> The Tree Select is assigned `role="tree"` and can include properties such as `aria-multiselectable`, `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby`. Each node of the Tree Select is assigned `role="treeitem"` and can include properties such as `aria-selected`. States for `aria-selected` can be set to `true`, `false` or `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tree select is assigned `role="combo-box"` and it support similar aria attributes as Combo box such as `aria-multiselectable`, `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby`. It has a modal which has `role="dialog"` and it contains Tree, its filter and controls. When opened, focus is managed within the dialog itself.
```
